[DataGrid][recipe] Switch page during drag-and-drop (#22182)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/row-recipes/row-recipes.md

You could use a [React portal](https://react.dev/reference/react-dom/createPortal) to achieve the same while rendering the component outside the Data Grid DOM tree.
:::

## Drag rows between pages while reordering [<span class="plan-pro"></span>](/x/introduction/licensing/#pro-plan 'Pro plan')

> By default, [row reordering](/x/react-data-grid/row-ordering/) only works with the rows rendered on the current page.

Reviewer: Slight overstatement — `setRowPosition` works across the full row tree; the UI constraint is only that the drop *target* row must currently be rendered. Suggest:

```suggestion
By default, [row reordering](/x/react-data-grid/row-ordering/) requires both the dragged row and the drop target to be rendered on the same page.
```
